---
layout: post
title:  "Site Work!"
date:   2014-01-26 14:30:00
categories: abyss blog
---

So, I've been working diligently on the template around here and I'm almost happy with it. It doesn't have to be anything fancy
since it is a blog, but I definitely wasn't going to stick with the default Jekyll template. As a result, I threw bootstrap
on it, a custom theme and started playing with colors and such. I will tweak it more as I go but for now, I am happy.

This site is hosted on Github and is powered by the interesting [Jekyll][jekyll] framework. I'm used to developing sites that
are dynamic and data driven (I typically use [AngularJS][angular]), so getting used to the static nature of Jekyll is pretty
new to me. So far, I don't have any complaints; I like Jekyll.

I also took some time today to create a preliminary logo for Abyss that you can find on the home page. Be sure to tell me what
you think of it. As I mentioned in my first post, I'm not a graphics guy, but I do try hard. Jesse has agreed to create tiles,
characters, and other game resources but he doesn't do logos and all of that. Hopefully my skills in this area are acceptable
until I can find a guy to make the logos and icons.

Also, you will notice I went with Disqus for comments. Normally I would roll my own, but Jekyll is not data driven and I didn't
care to set Angular up so I went with a hosted comment solution. Make good use of it!

You will probably notice the site change often as I work on it. I do test locally but I also tend to push my changes and test
them live. Don't be surprised if something looks wonky. If it does give me a few minutes and refresh the page. That normally means I'm
actively making changes.

_Hugs and Unicorns_

_Dan_

[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com
[angular]: http://angularjs.org